Updates to setting up cluster, before production tips and update code samples (#392)
EventStore/documentation: getting-started/index.md

2.  [With the HTTP API](~/http-api/index.md).
3.  With a Client API, which you need to install first. Our documentation covers the [.NET Core client API](~/dotnet-api/index.md) and the [JVM client](https://github.com/EventStore/EventStore.JVM) but [others](~/getting-started/which-api-sdk.md) are available.

> ## Discover Event Store via Admin UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Discover Event Store via the Admin UI
```

> Event Store ships with GUI called Admin UI, which allows browsing statistics, streams and events manipulation, user management and more. Admin UI is visible under `2113` port, navigate to <http://127.0.0.1:2113/> in your web browser to see it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Event Store ships with an Admin UI, which allows browsing statistics, streams and events manipulation, user management and more. The Admin UI is available under port `2113` , open <http://127.0.0.1:2113/> in your web browser to access it.
```

> [!TIP]
> The default username and password is `admin:changeit`

![The Admin UI Dashboard](~/images/es-web-admin-dashboard.png)

> ## First call to HTTP API

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

This all comes later

> Event Store expose HTTP API that allows cross-platform integration. API is exposed under the same port `2113` as Admin UI. For example `curl -i http://127.0.0.1:2113/stats` for the HTTP API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Author: May I ask why do you think it is worth to remove this section? I think it is worth to explicitly explain which ports are which.

Reviewer: Because it's already mentioned in other places on the same page, at least I feel it's mentioned enough already.

> ## Connecting to Event Store

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect to Event Store
```

> Get on the fast-track with native SDK for your language of choice. Full list of supported SDS's available [here](~/getting-started/which-api-sdk.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an SDK with your language of choice. [Read this guide for a full list of SDKs](~/getting-started/which-api-sdk.md).
```

```csharp
using EventStore.ClientAPI;

> using EventStore.ClientAPI.SystemData;

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Hmm, this is a good point. This isn't really needed for the code examples shown, as they are not meant to be built upon as a complete example.

However, now I think about it, the example should be something that people can build upon. We're currently building one for the v6 docs, so when that's done, I'll retrofit it for v5.

Author: I must admit that when using resharper I haven't paid much attention to namespaces. Now I feel nice having them listed to be clear and explicit. Moreover docs is a learning resource, the least assumptions the better.

Reviewer: I agree completely, OK. How about this. We remove for now and stick to the absolute minimum here. But I promise that I will update the examples in the getting started guide to be complete very very soon :smile:

* * *

To use a client API, you use port `1113` and create a connection:

### [.NET client](#tab/tabid-dotnet-client-connect)

When using the .NET client, you also need to give the connection a name.

> [!code-csharp[getting-started-connection](../../EventStore.Samples.Dotnet/DocsExample/Program.cs?start=32&end=34)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!code-csharp[getting-started-connection](../../EventStore.Samples.Dotnet/DocsExample/Program.cs?start=32&end=33)]
```

> [!NOTE]
> You can also post events to the HTTP API as XML, by changing the `Content-Type` header to `XML`.

> ### [.NET client](#tab/tabid-5)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [.NET client API](#tab/tabid-5)
```

seems to be the total actual name :)

> To use the .NET client, use the following method, passing the name of the stream, the version, and the events to write:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the .NET client API, use the following method, passing the name of the stream, the version, and the events to write:
```

> [!code-csharp[getting-started-write-event-request](../../EventStore.Samples.Dotnet/DocsExample/GettingStarted/ConnectEventStore.cs?range=12-17)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!code-csharp[getting-started-write-event-request](../../EventStore.Samples.Dotnet/DocsExample/Program.cs?range=94-95)]
```
